[docs] Add TypeScript convention (#26259)
mui-org/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

Finally, when you submit a Pull Request, they are run again by our continuous integration tools, but hopefully, your code is already clean!

> ## Convention Typescript Component

Reviewer: I would probably move this by the end of the file.

> ## Convention Typescript Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Convention for writing TypeScript components
```

> follow this convention if the component is in `.tsx` (both core and lab components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this convention if the component is written in TypeScript.
```

> ### Public Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Public components
```

> refer to components that are exported from `@material-ui/core` or `@material-ui/lab`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As public components are considered all components exported from `@material-ui/core` or `@material-ui/lab`.
```

    /** Styles applied to the root element. */
    root?: string;
    /** Styles applied to the root element if `disableMargin=false`. */
    bar?: string;
    /** Pseudo-class applied to the root element if `disabled=true`. */
    disabled?: string;
  };
  ...props
  /**
   * The system prop that allows defining system overrides as well as additional CSS styles.
   */
  sx?: SxProps<Theme>;
}
// in case that it extends from public component
// export interface FooProps extends TypographyProps

// 2nd: ClassKey
export type FooClassKey = keyof NonNullable<FooProps['classes']>;
// in case that props interface require generic argument, pass `unknown`
// Ex. export type FooClassKey = keyof NonNullable<FooProps<unknown>['classes']>;

// 3rd: classes generator & utility
export function getFooUtilityClass(slot: string) {
  return generateUtilityClass('MuiFooDay', slot);
}
// make sure it has ClassKey as arg in generic
export const fooClasses = generateUtilityClasses<FooClassKey>('MuiFoo', [
  'root',
  'bar',
  'disabled',
]);

const useUtilityClasses = (styleProps: FooProps & { extraProp: boolean}) => {
  // extraProp might be the key/value from react context that this component access

>   const {
>     bar,
>     disabled,
>     classes,
>   } = styleProps;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const { bar, disabled, classes } = styleProps;
```

>   const slots = {
>     root: [
>       'root',
>       bar && 'bar',
>       disabled && 'disabled',
>     ],
>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const slots = {
    root: [ 'root', bar && 'bar', disabled && 'disabled' ],
  };
```

  return composeClasses(slots, getFooUtilityClass, classes);
};

// 4th: StyledComponent, similar to JS convention
// add additional props in between to append props interface to StyledComponent
const FooRoot = styled(
  Typography,
  {},
  {
    name: 'MuiFoo',
    slot: 'Root',
    overridesResolver: (props, styles) => styles.root,
  },

> )<{ component?: React.ElementType }>(...);

Reviewer: Should we add here `styleProps` too? Make them required & make the types stricter?

// 5th: component declaration

> const Foo = React.forwardRef<HTMLSpanElement, FooProps>(function Foo(inProps, forwardedRef) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const Foo = React.forwardRef<HTMLSpanElement, FooProps>(function Foo(inProps, ref) => {
```

  // pass args like this, otherwise will get error about theme at return section
  const props = useThemeProps<Theme, FooProps, 'MuiFoo'>({
    props: inProps,
    name: 'MuiFoo',
  });
  const { children, className, ...other } = props

  // ...implementation

  const styleProps = { ...props, ...otherValue }

  const classes = useUtilityClasses(styleProps);

  return (
    <FooRoot

>       ref={forwardedRef}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ref={ref}
```

>       component="span" // passed to Typography

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not important

Author: I suggest to keep it to show why the code below is needed.
```tsx
const FooRoot = styled(Typography, {}, { skipSx: true })<{ component?: React.ElementType }>({ ... })
```

      className={clsx(classes.root, className)}
      styleProps={styleProps}
      {...other}
    >
      {children}
    </FooRoot>
  )
})
```

### Internal Component

> refer to the components that are not exposed to public but used in some public component. Since it is not exposed to public, there is no need to have `sx` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As internal components are considered all components that are not exported from the packages, but only used in some public component. There is no need to have `sx` prop on these components
```

Let's wait for the `sx` prop until we have resolution in https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/pull/26235

1. props interface: similar to Public component but with out `sx`
2. ClassKey: same as public component
3. classes generator & utility: Does not need if the component does not receive `classes` props, otherwise same as public component (use prefix `Private` instead of `Mui`)
4. StyledComponent: pass `skipSx: true` as only one property to `styled`
5. same as public component (`styleProps` and `classes` is optional)

<details>
  <summary>Example, internal component without `styleProps` and `pseudoClass` styling</summary>

```tsx

> import { experimentalStyled as styled } from '@material-ui/core/styles';

Reviewer: I would suggest this code to be a `diff` of the previous component, so that we can clearly see what should not be added.

Author: no objection, will do.
